samples: cellular: mss: Wait for connection before printing connected. (#12901)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Printing of the last reset reason when the sample starts.
    * Support for printing the sample version information using the ``version`` command.

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_multi_service` sample:

  * Fixed:

>     * Sample now waits for connection success before printing ``Connected to nRF Cloud!``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The sample now waits for a successful connection before printing ``Connected to nRF Cloud!``.
```
